hello my name is Brian laufer and I'm
the vice president here at quote works
in this video I'm going to show you how
to add both valet mobile to your home
screen on an iPad so the first thing I'm
going to do is launch Safari and then
type in quote valet calm forward slash
mobile
and as you can see we now have the login
for quelle Belle a mobile so all we need
to do now is click on this button here
and then add to homescreen and we're
just going to give it a name now just
quit ballet mobile click on add and now
we can easily launch it by clicking on
this button here now as you can see the
account number and username are not pre
filled out so I'd have to type them in
each time when I log in but there's
actually an easier way you know when
working in front of the client and
saving you time by having that prefilled
so what I'm going to do now is instead
of doing it that way that I showed you
i'm going to go ahead and bring up
Safari and we can just do la com or /
mobile one more time and what we're
going to do is we're going to go ahead
and add a slash and then a question mark
followed by a count equals and that's
the account that you're going to use to
normally log in to coal Valley so I'm
just going to type in mind and then
we're going to add an ampersand
I user for your username equals and then
you just type in your your quote works
login so I'm going to do Brian and then
because I have a space in my login I'm
going to go ahead and add a percent 20
that's just what a space is an HTML and
then we're going to go ahead and my last
name and we're going to click on go and
now you'll notice that the account
number username and password are pre
filled out so now when I go ahead and
save this to my home screen and got arc
will file a login here i'm going to go
ahead and click on that button and now
when it comes up it's actually going to
have my account number followed by my
username and then all i have to do is
put in my password and i am good to go
so that's how you can add Qu'Appelle a
mobile to your home screen on an ipad